---
layout: post
title: Week 9 Notes
author: Seyi Taylor
banner: david-travis-5bYxXawHOQg-unsplash.jpg
excerpt: These notes are designed to provide a brief overview of the status of the project for both OMAFRA and Code for Canada staffers. Our other blog posts will cover specific project areas in deeper detail.
---

This is the first of what we hope will be weekly notes covering the activities of the [Code for Canada](http://codefor.ca) fellows at [OMAFRA](https://www.ontario.ca/page/ministry-agriculture-food-and-rural-affairs). These notes are designed to provide a brief overview of the status of the project for both OMAFRA and Code for Canada staffers. Our other blog posts will cover specific project areas in deeper detail.

For context, we are currently working from home due to restrictions placed in place to control COVID-19. 


# Activities
- completed synthesis of Sprint Zero insights. We’ve published a detailed blog post on this [here](https://code-for-canada.github.io/omafra-updates/Sprint-Zero/) with links to the actual synthesis documentation
- continuing interviews with growers and grower associations. The aim of this research is to get a better sense of how growers contribute to the data that OMAFRA staff work with, and how they use the insights generated by OMAFRA
- prepared for the first project plan presentation. This document will give a good overview of where we are in the project and will be available online later this week and this post will be updated with the link
- developed a draft long-term project timeline 


# To-Do
- grower interviews will continue this week
- complete synthesis of specialist research
- start research synthesis to determine which problem area we will want to focus on.


# Blockers
- COVID-19 restrictions have meant that we are working from home. This has not proven to be a blocker in the true sense of the word, but has resulted in some challenges in coordinating with growers.

# Links
- [Sprint Zero Insights blog post](https://code-for-canada.github.io/omafra-updates/Sprint-Zero/)


